you don't want to see this do you oh
yeah hey I'm not gonna show you this no
not the sex part just this stuff leading
up to it forget it she's destroying it
okay fine fine we'll just have to think
of some other way to put the whole who
came on to who thing to rest come on now
think get it Phoebe
okay it's Rachel's tape and she can do
whatever she wants with it and she wants
to destroy it so end of story I want to
see it what clearly you don't want
people to see this tape now I don't want
people to see this tape either but you
so badly don't want people to see it
that it makes me I want to see it do you
see are we watching the tape or not I
don't want people to see it for your
sake oh I don't believe you I think you
don't want them to see you begging me
Rachel please Oh a little preview
fine but I want the record to show that
I tried to take the high road because in
about five minutes I'm going to be
saying so happy help me talking to
yourself that I would send all the
wedding invitations like weeks ago and
you didn't do it I know I had put them
in in my desk at work and I completely
forgot about him until today
it's okay everybody made it to the
reading I'm fine
trying to hurt my hand though I know I
did this especially if you're Monica
just went on and on and on about it okay
Rachel through the invitations Rachel
I'll be very careful Rachel please
drinking no liquids around the
invitations Rachel or
[Laughter]
did you do it on our invitations not on
the ones we sent out just the ones you
gave back to us and we had framed
can you believe this is already
happening I mean it seems like yesterday
they just got engaged
no I remember remember the night they
got engaged you animals
oh I remember how we almost did you
think we would have gone through with it
now if we hadn't gotten caught I mean do
you think we would have done it I mean I
I know I wanted to I just I just wasn't
sure if you wanted to know I wanted to
so we we both wanted to interesting mmm
anyway probably worked out for the best
yeah sure
okay in about 10 seconds you're gonna
see him kiss me and in about five
seconds you're gonna see why Rosten I
ever tell you about the time that I went
backpacking through Western Europe
okay ready to see some beggin okay Ross
what well I'm so happy what are you
talking about can you use the Europe
story
that's the magic story you use when you
want to have sex how do you know about
that story I heard it from my friend
Irene who heard it from some guy some
guy
she told me that his name was Ken Adams